Old Ha, I'm afraid your niece is still slow to drink.
There is a lot of cold air in the body.
Even surgery is no good.
So I am Ton Van
I just told him some facts.
It will be able to resist the cold air attack for a while.
But to be completely grounded
He also needs some time to recover.
Everything listens to him.
My sister can cure my niece.
For convenience of further treatment
You just come to my house first.
Then I won't invite you too much.
No problem.
Your kindness must be remembered in my heart, yes.
Not because of my niece.
Let you explore the people's case
So the widow can rest assured.
This pill will help her concentrate.
Will not hurt your life.
Then...
Please give me the antidote.
There is no cure.
As long as you have evil intentions, you will suffer pain.
This black heart hospital is still worth a look.
Hello.
mutual.